# REU-Summer-2021
From 2016 to 2018, Hispanic Democratic performance went down statewide. Underperformance was isolated in South Florida, meaning this is where the Democratic Party received less votes than anticipated based on results from previous elections. Besides the South Florida region, Hispanic Democratic performance improved from 2016 to 2018. Decrease in Hispanic Democratic performance statewide is important because 26.4 percent of Florida's population is Hispanic. This means that a little more than a quarter of Florida's population is Hispanic, which allows them to heavily influence the vote. The Hispanic population is also one of the fastest growing minority populations in the United States, which means over time, they will continually have more influence on political elections. Another reason studying and predicting subgroups of Hispanic voters is important is the different social factors faced by different Hispanic subgroups when integrating into American culture that could influence their party affiliation. There is also research on how different Hispanic subgroups vote differently based on conditions "back home," meaning the country they or their ancestors emigrated from.

The goal is to predict subgroups of Hispanic voters, determine the influence one's subgroup has on their party affiliation, identify trends in social factors that influence a voter's party affiliation, and analyze or predict the impact of the different social factors on Hispanic voters in Florida. The project also looks at Hispanic voters' activity in previous elections to determine voting frequency patterns based on party affiliation.

In order to begin the project, we were given (fill this in with file names). With these files, I chose one county, Nassau County, to look more in-depth at. I created graphics based on the information given in the files. 

I also looked at the Hispanic voters' activity in Nassau County. I found that Hispanic voters associated with the Republican Party of Florida voted more frequently than Hispanic voters associated with the Democaratic Party of Florida and Hispanic voters with no party affiliation. I am going to see if there is a pattern with age amongst voters based on party affiliation and voting frequency. I am also going to see if there is a trend amongst different subgroups based on party affiliation and voting frequency. I want to also look at other counties in Florida to see if the trend of Republican Hispanics being more active holds true. 
